hello fine people today I'm talking
about acne yep that's right
not just any acne adult acne when I was
a teenager I really didn't have much
acne I had a spot here there probably
mostly hormonal when I became an adult
oh boy the adventure began but before I
get into that I really want to talk
about cursing on YouTube just very very
quickly I don't know why but it's become
a habit for me to do these tiny little
updates at the beginning of my videos
youtube has started to monetize /d
monetize videos based on the content and
my content is generally pretty PC except
for maybe some references to sex and
cursing and like because I want to
eventually grow my channel to a certain
point what I think I'm going to do is
start bleeping curse words which kills
me a little bit inside I'm not gonna lie
but I understand that there are some
really really young people who watch
videos and it may offend people and I
get that so this is my way of having my
cake and eating it too but I may or may
not sneak like physical items that have
rude things on them into videos as a way
of being an extra raffle anyway moving
on so I first started getting acne in
2009 I was about a mess in 19 at the
time and you don't mind when are they
born 88 I was actually 21 scratch that
and I remember when I got it so starkly
because it was the same time I started
getting vitiligo and so my theory is
that I had a lot of stress and then
right after that huge period of stress
when I started to calm down a little bit
my body was like purge purge and slip my
slip with switch and switch with flip
yeah
so I spot a bunch of me and they're like
oh at the same time
and the acne that I got first was like
super deep cystic acne it was really it
was people and it was like under the
skin at first and then would slowly come
up layer by layer and then just like
reveal itself to the world as a huge
angry scary red monster over time
because I had all this bacteria just
settin up shop on my face I just started
getting all sorts of acne like all the
acne you can imagine I like had a
smattering a bit all over my face and
for a while I was like really good at
compartmentalizing the sort of
psychological effects of that but then
it really started to bother me when I
noticed that I was getting like acne
scarring hyperpigmentation when I went
back to college on I started to become
shy about my skin for my vitiligo yes
but also for my acne it was very
confusing at the time today to skin
things going on and so like you know the
emotional effects of both work were
there at the same time but basically I
was desperate so I would google things
put on masks try new that may or
may not work for me to be honest who let
me tell you I had no consistency in my
skin routine and at one point one of my
best days like when you put something on
your skin and it's new your skin is like
with the Hawkins's do I have to get used
to this this is going to stay in my life
forever you do it again the next day and
it's like oh this again ok and then you
do it the third day before things fifth
day you do it for three weeks and
suddenly your skin is like alright
alright you're here to stay I'm okay
with you and so it sort of normalizes
after a while well I was really bad at
consistently keeping the same as
skincare routine anyway fast forward I
finally need just a couple years ago
maybe was even just a year ago Wow
so recent I got to this point where I
was like I'm so sick and tired of my
face hurting this is painful I felt
embarrassed
and frustrated by the whole thing so
finally how this commercial for
proactive and this sounds like a
freaking paid advertisement video but
it's really not it was a big decision
for me because I don't like putting
chemical things into my body and I'm
going to use something every single day
and put it on my skin and put it in my
body and it's got benzoyl peroxide in it
you know I have to think twice about it
so I finally caved and I got the three
steps kit of Proactiv plus and I have
two of the steps here but I'm missing
the middle step and for a while I
literally just use Proactiv cause it
didn't use any other products because I
didn't want anything to interact with
proactive and then just create like this
explosion on my face I use the skin
smoothing exfoliator I use the core
targeting treatment and I use the drone
complexion perfecting hydrator the third
step which I don't have with me to show
you
and then actually works really really
well the combination of salicylic acid
which is in the third step which is the
one I don't have and benzoyl peroxide
which is in these two steps it's really
powerful so basically it blasted the
acne off of my face even though it left
my face feelings kind of dry and my skin
feeling kind of spin and undernourished
I had always planned to wean off of
Proactiv after using Proactiv so I used
practice with quite some time like a
month more than three months for sure
and then I started to sort of alternate
the skin smoothing exfoliator with like
another cleanser to see if I could start
weaning myself off and at first it was
so touch and go honestly like I would
try to do this every other day
alternating with another cleanser and
risk it would just break out on the days
when I was using the other one and I was
like okay I can't do that and so you
know every time my skin reacted poorly
to a choice I had made I went right back
to the previous set of skincare
have been using and just use that
religiously until my skin completely
calmed and then four days after that at
least a week I would say and so I took
these a tiny baby steps away from using
Proactiv products very heat very
gradually and I was like weirdly
scientific about the whole thing like at
one point I was using so many different
sort of combinations and I had like a
journal and I was like I'm going to use
this once every four days now instead of
once every two days um but it worked and
not completely off of Proactiv yet I
still have a tendency to get tiny like
whiteheads sort of it's very sad but
around my mouth um I'm the wife Siri
came up when I said it's very sad thanks
for caring seeing I still use this third
set before targeting treatment but I've
managed to wean myself off the other two
steps and I have the skincare routine
I'm very happy with that I will reveal
to you next week I really hope this is
helpful for anyone out there with acne I
know what the struggle feels like it's
really it's frustrating at times it
feels almost demoralizing like
especially if you're younger and you're
in all these social situations all the
time and you feel you may feel
embarrassed I know I did I felt
embarrassed sometimes to just show my
face in public because I felt like I
didn't have confidence you know I do
highly recommend Proactiv I don't like
the company very much to be honest
review they're kind of to deal with but
their products work so that's why
they're able to get away with the
unpleasant and they're very persistent
when you call them in maybe their whole
tactic has changed recently I don't know
but I was I went on their website and I
became a member because I would find so
much of their product like it was
monetarily worth it for me to become a
member and then when I wanted to cancel
out they were just like really tough to
deal with if you have learning to not
remember and purchase their products
that's great and if it's worth it for
you like it was for me I would certainly
go through that again in order to just
get rid of my acne to be honest with you
anyway thank you so much for watching
and I will see you so so soon if this is
helpful for you or if you watch this
video like my channel or you want to see
more videos like this give this video a
thumbs up I hope you're having a
wonderful day and I will see you next
week for my skin care routine video bye
[Music]
[Applause]